Update explainer.md (#568)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: highlight/explainer.md

    highlightsRange.setStart(document.body, 0);
    highlightsRange.setEnd(document.body, 2);

    let highlight = new Highlight(highlightsRange);

>     CSS.highlights.set("example-highlight", Highlight);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CSS.highlights.set("example-highlight", highlight);
```

</script>
```

> CSS.highlights is a **HighlightRegistry**. The **HighlightRegistry** is a [maplike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-maplike) object that maps a name to a Highlight object. The presence of a Highlight in the highlight registry enables the text within the contained Ranges to be styled – a Highlight not added to the HighlightRegistry will have no effect on rendering. **Highlight** represents a set of Ranges and exposes a [setlike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-setlike) interface. Highlights can have styles applied by the ::highlight pseudo elements, when the identifier passed to the ::highlight pseudo is the same as the name of the Highlight in the HighlightRegistry. The Highlight also has a `priority` property – this is used to disambiguate which styles should be used when text content is covered by Ranges from different Highlights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS.highlights is a **HighlightRegistry**. The **HighlightRegistry** is a [maplike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-maplike) object that maps a name to a Highlight object. The presence of a Highlight in the highlight registry enables the text within the contained Ranges to be styled – a Highlight not added to the HighlightRegistry will have no effect on rendering. **Highlight** represents a set of Ranges and exposes a [setlike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-setlike) interface. Highlights can have styles applied by the ::highlight pseudo elements, when the identifier passed to the ::highlight pseudo is the same as the name of the Highlight in the HighlightRegistry. The Highlight also has a `priority` property – this is used to the stacking order of highlight overlays when text content is covered by Ranges from different Highlights.
```

> CSS.highlights is a **HighlightRegistry**. The **HighlightRegistry** is a [maplike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-maplike) object that maps a name to a Highlight object. The presence of a Highlight in the highlight registry enables the text within the contained Ranges to be styled – a Highlight not added to the HighlightRegistry will have no effect on rendering. **Highlight** represents a set of Ranges and exposes a [setlike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-setlike) interface. Highlights can have styles applied by the ::highlight pseudo elements, when the identifier passed to the ::highlight pseudo is the same as the name of the Highlight in the HighlightRegistry. The Highlight also has a `priority` property – this is used to the stacking order of highlight overlays when text content is covered by Ranges from different Highlights.

Author: ```suggestion
CSS.highlights is a **HighlightRegistry**. The **HighlightRegistry** is a [maplike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-maplike) object that maps a name to a Highlight object. The presence of a Highlight in the highlight registry enables the text within the contained Ranges to be styled – a Highlight not added to the HighlightRegistry will have no effect on rendering. **Highlight** represents a set of Ranges and exposes a [setlike](https://heycam.github.io/webidl/#idl-setlike) interface. Highlights can have styles applied by the ::highlight pseudo elements, when the identifier passed to the ::highlight pseudo is the same as the name of the Highlight in the HighlightRegistry. The Highlight also has a `priority` property – this is used for the stacking order of highlight overlays when text content is covered by Ranges from different Highlights.
```
